RHIDP-979: Adding YAMl config details to the Helm upgrade procedure (#139)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: installation/proc-install-rhdh-helm.adoc

. From the *Developer Catalog* panel, click *Helm Chart*.
. Search for _Developer Hub_ in the search bar and select the *{product}* card.
. Click *Create*.
. Copy the OpenShift router host (for example: `apps.<clusterName>.com`) to *Root Schema* -> *global* -> *Shorthand for users who do not want to specify a custom HOSTNAME. Used ONLY with the DEFAULT upstream.backstage.appConfig value and with OCP Route enabled.*, and adjust the other values if needed.
. Use one of the following views to edit the Helm configuration:

> . Alternatively, copy the OpenShift router host (for example: `apps.<clusterName>.com`) to `global.clusterRouterBase`, and adjust other values if needed, such as `global.clusterRouterBase: apps.example.com`. 

Reviewer: PR #135 duplicates these changes

Author: @linfraze, If you look at the [SME comment above ](https://github.com/redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh/pull/139#pullrequestreview-1976857517)he asked to include the YAMl code snippet in the doc for better visualization. this is why i have included YAMl code snippet as well.

.. Copy the OpenShift router host (for example: `apps.<clusterName>.com`) and paste it in the *Root Schema* -> *global* -> *Shorthand for users who do not want to specify a custom HOSTNAME. Used ONLY with the DEFAULT upstream.backstage.appConfig value and with OCP Route enabled.* field, and edit the other values if needed.
.. Click *Create* and wait for the database and {product} to start.

** Using *YAML view* 
+
.. Copy the OpenShift router host (for example: `apps.<clusterName>.com`) and paste it in the `global.clusterRouterBase` parameter value as shown in the following example:
+
[source,yaml]
----
global:
  auth:
    backend:
      enabled: true

>   clusterRouterBase: apps.ci-In-6xvy78k-76ef8.origin-ci-int-aws.dev.rhcloud.com

Reviewer 2: Minor suggestion - Instead of use a _real_ value for the `clusterRouterBase`, you can use the same value described in the documentation `apps.<clusterName>.com`. It makes consistent and clear the documentation.

Author: done

  # other Red Hat Developer Hub Helm Chart configurations
----
.. Click *Create* and wait for the database and {product} to start.
+
--

> In both the views, the copied information about the host is accessed by the {product-short} backend. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whether you configure the Helm chart with the Form view or the YAML view, the copied information about the host is accessed by the {product-short} backend. 
```

> When an OCP route is generated automatically, the host value for the route is inferred and the same host value is sent to the {product-short}. Also, if you have set up the host manually to configure {product-short} on a custom domain, the custom host value for the route takes precedence.

Reviewer: OCP is not an approved name. RHOCP is approved, but we generally use the long name.

Author: I think your PR is going to fix this issue. You have used the {ocp-short} attribute. I have tweaked the second sentence a bit for better clarity.

> When an OCP route is generated automatically, the host value for the route is inferred and the same host value is sent to the {product-short}. Also, if you have set up the host manually to configure {product-short} on a custom domain, the custom host value for the route takes precedence.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When an OpenShift Container Platform route is generated automatically, the host value for the route is inferred and the same host value is sent to the {product-short}. Also, if you have set up the host manually to configure {product-short} on a custom domain, the custom host value for the route takes precedence.
```
